alright with you what's up guys so I had
a request for someone asking me to do my
gaming setup a lot of people have asked
us to do this we've even talked about
doing this and when I say s I mean the
whole deal v network so I'm gonna go
ahead and I'm starting off sheboy dlb so
this is my gaming setup um first let me
maduka business i can hopefully i'm in
the camera if i'm not i really can't
tell so this is a my dish network box I
like dish network dish network is a
cable company this is my surround sound
right here it's nothing real huge gets
the job done not 7.1 but hopefully I'll
get that soon this is surround sound
thanks box 360 as you can see no red
ring and hopefully it never comes in the
ps3 and then with the ps3 you know
there's no yellow light of death mr.
green so hopefully that mistake school
as you can see it's no chrome on it I
had the 20 gigabyte model it's not 20
gigs in there anymore it's 250 gigs in
there now so so that's the ps3 then you
know I got my let me come back here
behind the camera have my controllers
sitting right there my xbox 360
controller and my playstation 3
controller as you guys can see have the
white PlayStation controller got the
white one and then I got the chatpad on
the 360 and let me show you guys
something on the chatpad for your 360
that didn't know it's actually a backlit
display hold on so it's actually bad lip
back lit which I like which the
playstation 3 chatpad is not although i
have the playstation 3 chatpad I really
ever use it because it's not that
but that's a whole look of story entire
entirely so next is my hard drive mi
wireless router for my gaming and all
that good stuff so a lot of you guys are
probably like well why is your wireless
right over there well because I like to
have my systems connected directly to
the modem that way when i'm online i get
a better connection and then i have two
hard drives and the reason i have two of
these is because the white one is my
wireless hard drive so all my computers
that are connected to my network router
my rudder right here they're connected
to the router can all access this hard
drive right here so my mat can access it
my up my wife's laptop can access it and
my desktop can access this one router is
the terabyte its by western digital and
then I have my black one right here
that's specifically just for my mac so I
do on my back up on my mac my time
capsule and all that good stuff so
what's in digital now if you say it will
already have a hard drive that sucks
well with the new western digital's it
has a USB in the back of it to connect
any other wireless routers or excuse me
not router excuse me any other wireless
heart or damn any other hard drives that
you guys may have so let's say you just
bought this one this black one right
here that I have and I'm like dang
already have one well I can connect if I
chose to I can bet I could connect this
black one to this one via USB so that
would make this one point three
terabytes if I decide to do that but I'm
not because that's like I said before
this was for my mac but now this is
where this beautiful wireless hard drive
comes into gaming purposes because I
know you guys are like well we want your
gaming setup not what hard drive you use
so let me take you up here to the
playstation 3 slim our real quick so
we're on the playstation 3 now so when I
grab my playstation controller and I go
over to go to videos well like I said
anything that is connected to my router
can access the hard drive and as you can
see right there there's the icon
and this is my world book so I click on
that go ahead and back line out and then
I go down to videos all the videos that
are stored on this hard drive I can
watch so let's go ahead and let's see
well open up district nine so once again
this is not on my playstation 3 slim
fast voice you guys can see this is
actually running off the wireless hard
drive and as you can see when it's
scrolling and the white light is sitting
there this let me know that something is
accessing the wireless hard drive right
now which is the movie that I'm playing
right now so i could play movies off of
there I can play my music off of there
and not only does it work for the
PlayStation 3 it also works on my xbox
360 as well so if I bring up the guide
and then I go over to this time I'll
choose music and then as you can see
right there you did on it says my world
book which is with the hard drives
called come on out and it has all the
music that I have one here and you know
of course I saved the pod cat or my
radio station always said that I do so I
can play my music movies photos
everything and it does it take long the
access it's not a long low time at all
as you can see I just loaded that up in
the matter of seconds and it's all
Wireless well the systems are connected
to the router and all that but like I
said it's all accessing this Wireless no
this is on PlayStation hard drive or my
360 of course now my 3g 65 drive person
and that would murder I 360 hard drive
so that's my gaming set it let them big
nothing to see here really go ahead turn
off my 360 so that is my gaming setup I
know you guys can't see me cuz I'm super
dark um if you guys want to know what
kind of TV i have i have a vizio 1080p
LCD HD you know love it love it gets the
job done you guys can see my little rock
band setup that I have right here yes I
gets down on the drums on hard there's a
guitar right there I'm a little nephew
he goes hard on the drip on the guitar I
go hard on the drums so check out our
band war on rock band haha but anyways
so you guys asked for it that's my
gaming setup so until the next video
peace